Add a video and overview to the infrastructure landing page (#19569)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/infrastructure/_index.md

        rank: 70
---

> {{< img src="infrastructure/Hostmap-compressed.mp4" alt="Video of hostmap filtered to ngnix hosts" video="true">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< img src="infrastructure/Hostmap-compressed.mp4" alt="Video of host map filtered to Nginx hosts" video="true">}}
```

Author: Thank you!
